[OSDOCS#18859]: Added files for Degraded TNF (#110945)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/resolving-a-fencing-failure-in-tnf.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * installing_tnf/operating-degraded-two-node-fencing-cluster.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolving-a-fencing-failure-in-tnf_{context}"]
= Resolving a fencing failure in TNF

[role="_abstract"]

> You must manually intervene when a cluster cannot automatically fence a failed node. This procedure guides you through safely powering off the unresponsive hardware and clearing the 'UNCLEAN' state to allow the surviving node to resume cluster operations.

Reviewer: This is one of those new Vale rules that sentences aren't supposed to contains self-references.
```suggestion
You must manually intervene when a cluster cannot automatically fence a failed node. Use the following procedure to safely power off the unresponsive hardware and clear the 'UNCLEAN' state to allow the surviving node to resume cluster operations.
```

If the `pcs status` command shows the failed node as `UNCLEAN (offline)`, the automated fencing sequence did not succeed, and manual recovery is required.

.Procedure

. Verify that the failed node is powered off using the BMC console or physical inspection.

> . Confirm the fencing manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Confirm the fencing manually by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc debug node/<surviving-node> -- chroot /host pcs stonith confirm <failed_node_name>

Reviewer 2: `pcs stonith confirm` requires `--force` for non-interactive use. Without it, this command will hang or fail inside `oc debug`. Should be:
```
$ oc debug node/<surviving-node> -- chroot /host pcs stonith confirm <failed_node_name> --force
```
